's here how was your week
mine was super busy with three midterms
this week but I'm excited for the spring
break
you have any plans
um I don't have any plans right now but
I would just say anything here and blah
blah blah you know it's your turn
I'm already at Atlanta I can't wait to
leave Pittsburgh
yeah sounds fun mine was super busy too
with all those Cloud work which is still
ongoing I guess I'll be also be working
on the post side while I'm at Cancun
anyway let's start off with our first
agenda item Duke and Duchess the Sussex
asked to vacate you came home Frogmore
Cottage
okay the Duke and Duchess of Sussex has
been asked to vacate the Broadmoor
College the Cowboys official UK
residents their spokesman protein and
Wednesday the spokesman said we can
confirm the book and Duchess of Statics
have been requested to evacuated their
residents at Frogmore Cottage
that is sad the statement followed
reporting British newspaper the song
that claimed the pier was being evicted
from a property which is owned by the
Corona State and that it had since been
offered to prince Andrew one of King
Charles's three's brother
birkenham Palace said Wednesday it would
be offering no comments a royal source
told CNN that any such discussions would
be a private family matter
Prince Harry and Megan now reside in the
United States but have retained the
early 19th century property as a UK base
gifted to the success by the late Queen
Elizabeth III the second the cottage is
nestled in a quarter of the Windsor's
estate west of London they refurbished
the property and moved in shortly before
the arrival of their son Archie in may
not 2019. however the renovation sparked
controversy after the couple stepped
back from public life and it emerged by
our three million dollars of British
taxpayers money had been used under
College refurbishments they have since
paid back the public money following
their relocation to California seems
like L'Oreal life's something that I
definitely wanted to try out
yeah don't even mention someone else
paying my rent would be amazing Works
including the removal of Chimney
refinishing the roof new staircases
fireplace installations and new floating
wooden floor was detailed in planning
application documents to the local
Council
the course of all feelings pictures and
apprentices were paid for privately by
the Duke and Duchess again we will need
to finalize the county figure how much
was paid to the Duke and Dodge it can
you work on that by the next meeting
yes certainly the success stay at the
property when they returned to the UK
last year including when they attended
the Queen's Platinum Jubilee
celebrations during the summer
prince Andrew recently resides nearby at
the Royal Lodge at on the Windsor estate
the Duke of York also stepped back from
Royal duties in 2019 after a disastrous
interview about his friendship with
disgrace Financial Jeffrey Epstein
engulfed the family in an unprecedented
crisis
according to the Sun the couple were
reportedly asked to leave the property
days after the release of Harry's
Memorial spirit in January the 38 year
old Royal held almost nothing back as
his dismantle The public's perception of
him being the fun-loving Carefree party
Prince and delved into the devastating
impact of his mother's death his
experimentation with drugs as a method
of coping with grief and his struggles
at finding love
repeatedly declined to comment on the
memoir
the autobiography for the six-part net
effects documentary the cover released
last year and an explosive interview
with Oprah Winfrey in 2021
there were concerns in the royal family
about Arty skin colors detailed feelings
of being trapped and said Megan has
three dinosaurs to increase her first
pregnancy
something interesting can you all watch
the show by next week and share your
thoughts on it
yep producer
yeah I was gonna watch it anyway soon I
just haven't had a chance to find my
free time
okay let's not move on to our next item
Alex Myrtle guilty Alex Murdo the first
generation lawyer whose family long
history influenced in small town
courtrooms across parts of South
Carolina
was convicted on Thursday of murdering
his wife and son seeing the dramatic
downfall of a man who has substantial
wealth and Powerful connections but who
lived a secret life in which he stole
billions of dollars from clients and
colleagues and lying to many of those
closest to him
a nearly six-week long trial more than
20 hour months after the June 2021 fatal
shooting of Mr Romero's wife Maggie 52
and their son Paul 22 on the family
Royal Estate
the grizzly
crime had reverberated across the state
in part because of the story story and
history of the murder family which
controlled the regional prosecutor's
office in South Carolina Low Country
region for more than eight years and ran
an influential Law Firm for even longer
Alan Wilson said today's verdict proved
that no one no one no matter who you are
in society is above the law the State
Attorney General at a news conference
after the verdict in finding Mr mardo's
guilty jurors rejected his claim that he
had left the dog kennels where the
crimes occurred several minutes before
the shootings an assertion Mr mortal
made from the witness stand only as a
fallback after prosecutors played a
video contracting his long-standing
claim that he had not been there at all
a crucial mini long video recorded at
the candles happened to capture miss
Myrtle's voice in the background it was
taken by Paul model in one of his last
living moments an act that inheritance
helped to secure the conviction of his
brothers
prosecutors contented that Mr Murdoch
had killed his son with a shotgun then
count down his wife with a rifle when
she ran over to see what had happened
prosecutor said instrumental quickly
said about creating Alibi texting and
calling his sling wife and visiting his
ailing mothers a short drive away
Mr Mardo stood silently in the courtroom
as the verdicts were ready his older son
Buster Mardo who had testified about how
distraught his father had been after the
killings sat in the courtroom with the
hand over his mouth the jury also found
Mr Mardo guilty of the two counts of
possession of a weapon during the
commission of a violent crime judge
Clifton Newman said he would sentence Mr
mordo on Friday morning the minimum
sentence for murder is 30 years in
prison and prosecutors have said they
will seek a sentence of life in prison
without the possibility of peril dick
harpal tillen one of Mr mortu's lawyers
said he planned to appeal the verdict
would it be possible for us to have
summary of his charges in verdicts be
ready in two weeks
I think two week is too much let's have
them ready within a week
the trial was a wrecking of Miss Murder
of all legal consequences for receiving
a lie since humidity from the women's
den and on as he led a life of privilege
and well in addition to the stolen money
he raking millions of dollars to genuine
income in some years as the lawyer for
his family's firm Mr murder once dreamed
of following in the footsteps of his
father grandfather and for your
grandfather in becoming the Region's top
prosecutor but instead it's only as a
volunteer prosecutor working on a
handful of cases over two decades
nonetheless he kept the prosecuted patch
on the dashboard of his card and the
blue flashing lights
assigned prosecutor said that he views
himself as above the law
Mr murdov was this bar last summer after
being charged with multiple Financial
crimes including the theft in total of
about 8.8 million this amount of claimed
that he had taken the money to pay for a
opioid addiction that was something
costing him tens of thousands of dollars
a week
a prosecutor John metors gave a brief
closing argument in rebato on Thursday
urging jurors not to believe the claims
of Innocence that Mr Romero had made
from witness stand
the jury of seven men and five women
began liberating just before 4pm
Motif had been a question from the
beginning of the case prosecutors argued
that Mr Mardo committed the killings and
fit in a field effort to gain sympathy
and to keep his longtime embezzlement
from being exposed but another of Mr
mardo's lawyers Jim Griffin told jurors
on Thursday that the notion that Mr
murder would try to evade the scrutiny
of his finances by placing himself in
the middle of murder investigation
strained credulity
Miss equipping asking why why why would
Alex murder on June 7th execute the
example and his wife Maggie who he adore
and loved including the number of people
who know the Myrtle family and testified
about their loving relationship
creating Waters the lead prosecutor the
Mr murder of the video on the witness
stated that he had told many likes over
the years to cover up his financial
misdealings and addiction to painkillers
urges the jurors to avoid becoming the
next wise to believe his life he said
don't let him fool you too
Mr Waters told jurors that a perfect
storm had been approaching Mr Madoff and
by extension his wife and son on the day
of the murders
earlier that day Mr Miller had been
confronted by his law firm's Financial
Chief who accused him of pocketing a
six-figure check that he was supposed to
pass along to the law firm
that confrontation Mr Waters said was
one of the two inquiries into Mr mardo's
finances that led him to fear the walls
were closing in the other was an effort
by another large Mark B tensley who had
sued Mr Marta over his son's involvement
in a drunken boat crash in 2019 that
resulted in a in the death of a 19 year
old woman
the authorities that the boat was driven
by Paul Mardo and Mr Tinsley had been
asking a lawyer to force Mr Mardo to
disclose detailed Financial records so
that he could go after Mr mardo's
personal assets
initially prosecutors then Mr murdo's
team worked for several months after the
murders the increase in his finances
were holding but then in September 2021
an employee at his Law Firm found a
missing check in Miss murder's office
leading to the firm's discovery that he
had a title of millions of dollars the
forced him to Iran
the next day in a bizarre series of
events Mr Madoff reported that he had
been shot in the head on the side of a
railroad it turned out as Mr murlov
admitted from a detox facility days
later that he had actually asked a
distance cousin Curtis Addie Smith to
kill him Mr murder said he had wanted to
frame his death as a murderer that so
that he's surviving some bastard could
collect on his insurance policy much of
the trial focused on Mr Miller's lies
including the one that he repeated to
police in three interviews after the
murders in which he claimed to have not
been at a family dark Kennels
Mr Morrow made the risky decision to
take the witness stand in his own
defense last week and said in tearful
testimony that he lied to the police
because he feared he would become a
suspect if he acknowledged being at the
kennels that night he had said uh he had
been there for a few minutes but then
had left and driven to check on his
ailing mother who lived about 15 minutes
away he said he returned about an hour
later to find his family dead
Mr gripping address Miss Myrtle's
initial statements to the police
directly on Thursday thinking that the
video from the candles turned out to be
the backbone of a case that lack any
other evidence
but as a long time drug addict Mr murder
has become accustomed to Italian life he
said
Mr Griffin said frankly he probably
wouldn't be sitting over here if he
hadn't lied for interview his clients
who sat at the defense table in a bronze
Blazer and white shirt intensely
watching the proceedings Mr Griffin
added you lied because that's what
addicts you a Dick's lie he lied because
he had of classes full of skeletons
throughout the trial Mr murder of Flyers
argued that the place was sloppy in
their investigation and had focused
almost exclusively on Mr murder instead
of looking for other Suspects
Mr Griffin characterized the police
investigation as being driven by the
concept that users unless we find
someone somebody else it's going to be
Alice
in his testimony Mr Mardo said he
believed the killings were probably
carried out by someone seeking revenge
over the boat crash Mr Griffin had
ticked through problems in the
investigation and his closing arguments
including that the let agents David Owen
of the South Carolina law enforcement
division gave false testimony about guns
found on the property to the Grand
jurors who indicted Mr Mardo he also
noted that the police had for months
wrongly believed that blood spatter had
been found on Mr mardo's chart when in
fact more rigorous tests taken later
showed no blood
he also criticized the prosecution for
his contentions that means murdered
Queen consistent comments about the
timeline of his movements suggested that
he was the Killer Mr Griffin said can
you imagine what he's done talking back
tears as he described with Myrtle
returning home to find his wife that
thank you here is that and it's evidence
of kills that he doesn't remember what
the sequence he was in that moment is
there evidence of guilt or is there
evidence of trauma
that's Mr Waters Hammer Mr murder on his
previous deceptions asking Mr metal
repeatedly when he was on a stand if he
had looked his clients in the eye when
he stole their money and since
suggesting that he had he was also lying
to the jury
is furthermore Mr water said of the
victims of Mr murdo's descent he fooled
Maggie in part two and they paid for it
with their lives
isn't it tragic that a man from such a
well-established family put blood on his
hand right who would have ever imagined
people around him would have been hard
to believe
will there be any movies or documented
documentary is being made of the story
oh I would certainly watch it if there's
gonna be one by the way since we were
talking about murder and blood and all
those kind of stuff I can't wait for
this quit game 2 to be released yeah I
heard it's going to be released later
this year
right season one was so fun at finishing
the day binge watching was the best not
gonna lie
sad that we don't get those privileges
anymore because all of the work that's
piled up in front of us
moving on to our last agenda item about
data extenders data centers include a
room or building I.T equipment and
Facilities to securely cause power and
the code equipment over the years data
extenders have evolved from a location
of concentrated I.T equipment to modular
agile and the highly virtualized compute
standards with green use of weapon
Services explosion on mobile devices and
ever increasing rate of the other
generation to
[Music]
one of the main contributors of the
growth has been the Advent of the cloud
computing paradigm in which cost
Effectiveness is directly linked to
economies of scale and efficiencies
gained with new data center design
our layer of cloud software and services
run on top of physical resources largely
servers storage and networking
equipments and all of these require
power this equipment also generates heat
and so requires Cooling a small data
center by fitting one specialized room
while a large installation might be a
dedicated warehouse-sized facility
data center design requirements depend
on its size and use cloud-centric data
centers could come in two varieties an
infrastructure as a service cloud
provider offers a variety of machine
types and the customers pick and choose
to build their own applications
software as a service and a platform as
a service providers typically use
large-scale homogeneous compute nodes
with custom applications that are
presented to end users directly other
types of data centers include Enterprise
traditional I.T which houses computers
to support functions for day-to-day
business operations and high performance
Computing data centers which house large
clusters of poor scientific applications
in the last five years specific
attention has been paid for the
efficiency of data centers dramatically
decreasing the operational usage causes
and carbon footprint this increasing
efficiency has led to a fast evolution
of data center design and these Trends
are likely to continue impacting use of
cloud resources and development of
large-scale dynamic applications for the
cloud required understanding of the
physical resources that make up the
cloud
in this unit we start with Trends in
data centers present components that
make up a data centers and discuss data
sentences don't considerations and
requirements
if you think of the cloud as a massive
computer you can still break it down
into its constituent Parts processors
memory and switch when you are
programming for the cloud your writing
programs that solve a problem or provide
a service but with the ability to scale
a few decades ago to be a computer user
meant to be a programmer every
programmer knew the instruction set
architecture will and because Hardware
resources were scarce
scars had to optimize in your sampling
language with the advance of high-level
programming languages such as C and C
plus plus Java and python why do
students still have to learn computer
organization caching and Assembly
Language
when you know that the compiler is doing
for you and makes you a better
programmer because you understand what
is going on behind the scenes
similarly you become better at debugging
unique how many legal questions are you
working on these days can you make sure
you do three questions a day so that you
can find a job for the summer
right I should be doing so since I'm
still jobless for a summer I'll try to
do three little questions for sure so
that I lend anywhere that wants to hire
me
anyway fast forward to today when you
are developing applications on the cloud
there does not yet exist a compiler that
allocates massive virtualized resources
automatically to solve your specific
problem it is up to you the cloud
programmer to do the management and to
make your applications cost efficient at
scale analogous to understanding the
components within a single computer
knowing the underlying components of a
data center will improve your abilities
to program and debug your cloud-based
applications most of you will never go
on to design and build your own
large-scale data center but
understanding what goes into
implementing the underlying
infrastructure will help you appreciate
all the things that cloud providers are
doing for you
the term data center became popular in
1990s referring to large rooms dedicated
to housing Computing and the networking
equipment
though computer rooms themselves date
back much further early computers were
method the size of many refrigerator
they also generate a lot of heat and
requires clean air Refrigeration to
increase reliability
for this reason early computer could not
be placed into a regular office so
Customs rooms were built a lot of these
theme ideas go into server Rooms Today
the only difference is that instead of
housing one computer they hold from
dozens to hundreds to even tens of
thousands of servers in a single
facility
modularity is important for data centers
because it's allows an organization to
expand as needed one of the enablers of
a modular data center has been
standardized racks onto which IIT
equipment is mounted
historically silver racks have evolved
from early relay rats racks found in
railroad signaling
it is unclear why the real world
companies chose the original 19-inch
post to post width but the same form
form factor made its way into early
telecommunications and then audio visual
equipments and radio and television
stations
some of the advantages of labrex design
over a common products
include fire safety where rack posts and
other footings were cast out of iron and
later still this became Superior to
earlier wooden enclosures that could
possibly ignite and damage all equipment
inside Nexus fuel assembly where racks
could be assembled using common hand
tools and low skill workers thirdly
regularly spaced holes which is to
support a wide variety of equipment and
lastly vertical mounting surface
allowing easier installation maintenance
and wiring many of today's standard
19-inch equipment racks have evolved
from Lab Rats design can Dodger prepare
a brief diagram of Lab Rats design
nothing fancy just like a simple drawing
thing yeah sure I could do that over the
past few decades data centers have grown
imposing in size in terms of the number
of racks and cabinets and intensity
reader density has become possible
because of advances in CPUs integrated
circuit and a printed circuit board
design this leads to faster and more
powerful computers within the same area
the minimum size of the elements are
integrated circuit called the feature
size has become smaller by all of the
magnitude over the last four decades
individual transistors has reduced in
size from about 10 microns in 1971 to
about 0.022 microns in 2013. but
individual transistors get smaller more
can feed on the steam's Silicon so each
transistor consumes less power
putting the same thermal constraints
CPUs have gone from single core to 16
cores with transistor counts going from
Millions to billions additionally
accelerators and co-processors have
emerged that provide hundreds of
additional floating points units each
with increasing floating Point operation
per second per Watts also recent storage
arrays have gone from supporting three
or four mechanical hard drives per
ranked units to 15 to 21 drives per rack
unit
hence although the power efficiency of
individual components has improved over
the years computers themselves have
become more dense packing in more
processing cores memory and storage per
square foot this density caused the
overall power consumption per rack to
rise dramatically over the last few
years this trend means that both power
and cooling requirements also increase
per data center a large data center now
consumes several megawatts of raw power
which is roughly the same power
requirements of a small town
whoa that's amazing children data
centers are important in terms of cloud
computing
discussion about color Computing gives
me a headache I'm already experiencing
you know cloud computing stuff in my
life
yeah let's call it a day I might think
soon have an amazing weekend everyone
I'll see you next week bye
